well howdy there internet people it's
beau again so today we're going to talk
about ted cruz
and twitter if you don't know ted cruz
attempted to take twitter to task
for not carrying the information he
believes should be carried
ted cruz is senator cruz a member of the
government
the idea that the government
can tell somebody what speech has to
occur
on their platform is antithetical to the
first amendment
i understand there's been a whole lot of
people up on capitol hill recently that
do not understand the first amendment
and that's fine it's not but we're going
to pretend that it is for this
conversation
the government's position is to draw a
distinction between a platform and a
publisher
and that makes sense on a lot of levels
it really does i get it
however that distinction does not
supersede the first amendment
you cannot tell somebody what they have
to allow on their property
you can't tell them what speech has to
occur
we have a whole amendment about this
assembly
speech press
let's put this into any other scenario
let's say that senator cruz
owns a restaurant and i go in and order
a meal
sit down and eat my meal and as i stand
up every so often
i yell out some smear
about senator cruz i'm willing to bet i
will be asked to leave
me doing that would interfere with the
experience of the other guests
that appears to be what twitter is doing
they're trying to guarantee a positive
experience for their users
that's it that's kind of their
responsibility as a company
that's what they're supposed to do
when it comes to anything else
the market will decide when it comes to
health care
housing food the market will take care
of it
we don't need to to worry about people's
wages
as they get exploited now all that'll be
fine
rugged individualism pull yourself up by
your bootstraps
the uh far right that wants to control
the access to information
they are more than more than welcome to
set up their own social media networks
in fact they have on numerous occasions
but let's be honest
posting something there is a lot like it
not being posted on twitter
nobody's going to read it because the
market decided
we don't want your bad ideas it's that
simple
i understand that
twitter all social media networks
have a an immense amount of power
which is exactly why it can't be
controlled by the government
and the reality is i don't believe
that ted cruz really cares about access
to information
doesn't care about accurate information
i don't believe that maybe he does
but i don't believe it it seems to me
he wants to guarantee the information
that is necessary to
misinform manipulate and play
low information voters is widely
accessible
that's what it seems like to me because
it's the only way the republican party
can continue to get working-class
americans
those struggling in poverty to vote
against their own interests
to support them
it's entertaining that when it comes to
social media
all of a sudden the republican party is
all about community control of the means
of production distribution and exchange
social media socialism that's what they
want
but when it comes to health care the
market will decide
wages your the market will decide food
the market will decide
the only thing that it seems that they
want equal access for everybody for
is their bad ideas the information they
need to manipulate people
you can't tell somebody what they have
to do on their property
you can't tell them the speech they have
to allow they have to promote
that article wasn't censored it's still
available i think
you can go look at it you just can't get
to it from twitter
that's what happened you you you
couldn't access it you couldn't spread
it via their platform
their network that's not censorship
that article is still out there it's
still
widely available
it's just that those in power want that
the contents of that spread widely
because it will help them maintain power
because rather than focusing on policy
ideas that will help their voters
they just want to smear somebody it's
how it appears to me
i could be wrong i don't think i am
though
at the end of the day the government
does not have control over speech and we
have to keep it that way
and i understand yeah it's concentrating
a whole lot of power
in very few hands it's creating an
alternative power structure
that is uh separate from the government
that was literally the intention of the
first amendment
that was the whole idea
i find it funny that the party that
constantly
attempts to cast itself as the defenders
of the constitution
doesn't seem to understand it on any
level
the government can't do this you don't
get to
force somebody to carry government ideas
and that's what it is
the current party wants this idea
carried
that's antithetical to the first
amendment it's wrong
and yeah i'll be the first to admit
there are a lot of things that have been
reduced in circulation on different
social media networks
that i don't think that was good but
it's not my property
i can't tell them what to do i can only
use their property
to the extent they allow me that's
that's how it works
maybe what senator cruz
should do is write a bill to set up some
form of
i don't know some form of public service
that allows information to be spread
like that maybe a state-funded
social media network and then they can
have all the propaganda and bad ideas
out there they want
because that's what it's about it's what
it always seems like it's about
control they want to control those
people
who have limited time
to access good information
they have limited time because they're
working struggling to survive
they can't research on their own and
they want
an emotional lever to manipulate those
people
to vote against their own interests so
they can keep them in that state
so they will support the establishment
politicians
so much so and this tool is so powerful
that the republican party was able to
convince a large
portion of americans that a billionaire
who constantly rubbed elbows
with the establishment of both parties
was somehow
not part of the establishment that's how
powerful this tool
is and that's why it cannot
come under government control it's too
powerful for that
this is big government it is socialism
it's socialism on the level of
the government the governing
organization
is going to be able to control the
production
distribution and exchange
which that argument can be made senator
cruz and you
probably find a whole lot of support but
they're going to want health care
and food first they're gonna want people
taken care of
before they worry about taking care of
your political future
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day